A year of adaptation. 
  At the start of the year I changed my bachelor's from civil engenering to informatics engenering. It wasn't easy. Having switched one month after the start of the classes, I skipped the fase where everybody dosen't know eachother. There were already some groups established so I felt like I didn't belong.
  I was lucky enough to still study on the historic and beautiful University of Coimbra, where I had friends from my first year on the DEC (Department of Civil Engenering) and where, beacause of the study and friendly envoriment of Coimbra I managed to make new friends.
  Study and Knowledge wise, it was an enteresting year. I think I could have had better grades, considering that the courses given were still basic, but at the time, wtih all the changes and heartbreaks, I wasn't much focused on getting the best but just enjoing a bit of life. It was great starting to know how the machines "think". I had a different route than most of my classmates beacause with all the credit tranfers that I had I focused on finishing the courses related to math on the first semester, so, insted of learning the basics of programation with Python, I learned mostly on the second semester with C, each was better I guess. Everything was explained again and we went a bit deeper which helped me.
  First year is about the basics so try to actualy listen and learn. Some things might seem confusing but focusing one hour to what you don't understand will make you feel like what it actualy is, the start. Don't rush it, just enjoy it.  
